Assignment 07 - RenderEngine Draw Points and the NDC -> Screen Coordinates Conversion
=====================================================================================
We have learned about the role of the RenderBuffer, the RenderEngine, and the Vertex.

We mentioned that a Vertex could have all kinds of information stored with it, but it at least needs to have a position and color. In this assignment, we have one called BasicVertex where the position and color are passed in the constructor.

One of the responsibilities of our RenderEngine is to draw points on the screen based on vertices defined in Normalized Device Coordinates (things that are visible on screen are found in the range [-1, +1] on all three axes). The RenderEngine is responsible for converting the coordinates from NDC space to Pixel space (i.e., screen coordinates).

## Requirements

Write a RenderEngine.js class that runs with the other files in this folder to make the output [shown here](07/ifiles/Points_5x5.png) (zoom in to look at it, it's only 5x5).

Make sure the code to do the NDC conversion is correct. Do the following to make the conversion.
(=> means "maps to")

for x: -1 => 0,
       +1 => width - 1

for y: -1 => height - 1
       +1 => 0

Another thing to remember. JavaScript is NOT a strongly typed language. Check out what this means in RenderBuffer's setPixel function. What is the reason for the Math.round calls?

Create RenderEngine.js, or if you can think of a better encapsulation or division of responsibility, RenderEngine.js and any other .js files you want. Leave index.html alone.

## Self-Assessment

* I wrote some code for this assignment.
* I understand the algebra behind the NDC-to-screen-coordinates mapping.
* I figured out why calls to Math.round are necessary in RenderBuffer's setPixel function.
* My RenderEngine has two functions, one for doing the ndc2screen conversion, and the other (that calls ndc2screen) to draw points (given a list of vertices).
* My output looks like the supplied image.
