Assignment 10 - Orthographic Projection Matrix
==============================================

The goal of this assignment is to expand on what you did for the previous assignment, where you provided a Matrix Based Vertex Shader. 

## Requirements

* Provide an orthographic projection matrix to your vertex shader.
* Use this [index.html](10/ifiles/index.html) as a reference.
* Implement the same functionality as that referenced file.
* Make sure you understand how an Orthographic Projection Matrix is derived.

## Self-Assessment

* I completed the C implementation of the LinearTransform function (in the [quiz.cpp](10/ifiles/quiz.cpp) file) by implementing the lines that calculate the values A and B.
* I can assert that LinearTransform(-3, -4, -2, 10, 20) == 15.
* I did NOT define B in terms of A (even if doing so would remove some duplication).
* Using the above assertion, I can calculate the reduced values of A and B if C = left, D = right, E = -1, and F = +1, by replacing the values and doing some algebra to simplify.
* I can say what A and B are in terms of only left and right.
* Using the answers above, I know what the top line of the Orthographic Projection Matrix looks like.
* I can reduce my answer to make it look like the top line of the matrix shown in [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orthographic_projection_(geometry)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orthographic_projection_(geometry)).
* I know that the job of a projection matrix is to convert from model coordinates to Normalized Device Coordinates.
* I noticed something about the third row of the matrix shown in the Wikipedia page, specifically what it says about the handed-ness of the model coordinate system.
* I wrote and tested a function like the OrthoGraphicProjection function derived in class that takes left, right, top, bottom, near and far values and creates an orthographic projection matrix that I can pass in to my Matrix-based vertex shader.
* I know that the aspect ratio of the screen is defined by its width divided by its height.
* I know if I take account of the aspect ratio of the screen when I build an orthographic projection matrix, I can make sure the squares remain square even if they are displayed on a screen that is not square (per the example in the supplied [index.html](10/ifiles/index.html) file).
* I wrote a function like the OrthoGraphicProjectionWithAspectRatio function derived in class that, given an aspect ratio, calls my own OrthoGraphicProjection function with the proper left, right, top, and bottom values.
* I tested my OrthoGraphicProjectionWithAspectRatio function in a way similar to the sample.
* I tested my OrthoGraphicProjection function with values that make sense to me.
* I tested my OrthoGraphicProjectionWithAspectRatio function to make sure it works with values that make sense to me.
* My code is so clean that Brother Neff could look at it without blanching.
