Assignment 11 - Line Drawing
============================

The goal of this assignment is to expand on what you did for a previous assignment, where you provided a Matrix Based Vertex Shader. 

## Requirements

* Extend your previous code to be able to draw lines.
* Make what it does look like [this screenshot](11/ifiles/screenshot.png).
* Use this [index.html](11/ifiles/index.html) file as a reference for the interface.
* Your code must take in a list of vertices and an index list that specifies the end-points of the lines to be drawn.
* Make your vertex shader provide an array of smoothly varying values that your render engine will use to linearly interpolate.
* All of the previous requirements (e.g., handling aspect ratio) are still in play, so keep it going!

## Self-Assessment

* My render engine makes lines cleanly, with no spaces or big bumps.
* My aspect ratio and orthographic projection code still works.
* I made a list of indices into the vertices so I could tell my render engine which vertices to draw between.
* I provided some way for my vertex shader to define what elements need to be smoothly interpolated so my render engine could do the interpolation.
* I noted that my fragment shader no longer has a full vertex, just a list of varying values.
* My render engine smoothly interpolated the varying values from the fragment shader, without knowing what they were (I know they happened to be colors, but my render engine does not know that), and then pass the values on for smoothly shaded colors.
* I paid attention to where the rounding should be done now.
* I checked for lines that were too small, knowing that lines with pixels on top of each other only need to draw one space, and lines with vertices on pixels next to each other don't need to do much either.
* I updated my drawPoints function to use the interface for these new shaders.
