assignments/12.md, before:

Assignment 12 - Triangles Part 1
================================
The first part of the triangle rasterizing assignment is to add a drawTriangles function to your RenderEngine. The idea is to just set up the interface and determine whether or not you should draw the triangle at all, and if so, just draw the three lines.

## Requirements
* Make no changes to your shaders (none are needed if yours are in good working order at this point).
* Make your triangle drawing function take into account "winding order" of the vertices.
* Allow the client to choose clockwise or counter-clockwise winding order as being visible.
* Use this [index.html](12/ifiles/index.html) file as a reference for the interface.
* Note that it has an example of two triangles wound in either direction, so only the clockwise triangle is drawn.
* Make your output look like [this screenshot](12/ifiles/lines_only.png), which is the same as for the previous assignment.
* Make sure your code can still handle drawing lines and points.
* Make sure your code can handle weird triangle conditions, like a single point, colinear points, etc.

## Self-Assessment

* My RenderEngine interface now has a draw triangles function that allows me to pass in the vertex list, an index list for the three vertices in every triangle, a winding order, a vertex shader, and a fragment shader.
* My RenderEngine drawLines and drawTriangles functions process my vertex shader only one time for each vertex in the original list for each call to drawPoints, drawLines, or drawTriangles (even if vertices are shared between lines or triangles).
* I have a vector subtract function in a handy place.
* I have a cross product function that implements the 3D vector cross product in a handy, reusable place (not a member of RenderEngine).
* I have tested this cross product function to make sure it works on some simple data.
* I am using my vector cross product and vector subtract functions, along with a winding parameter to determine if the triangle is facing forwards or backwards, to draw (or not) accordingly.
* I am using my drawLine function, which is getting the varying values from my vertex shader, interpolating them, and passing them to my fragment shader to get the color for each pixel.
* I have tested to make sure my drawPoints and drawLines functions are still working with my drawTriangles.

Commit message:

Added some helpful links and moved a file.

assignments/12.md, after:

Assignment 12 - Triangles Part 1
================================
The first part of the triangle rasterizing assignment is to add a drawTriangles function to your RenderEngine. The idea is to just set up the interface and determine whether or not you should draw the triangle at all, and if so, just draw the three lines. You may find helpful [this link](http://www.maplesoft.com/support/help/Maple/view.aspx?path=MathApps/EquationofaPlane3Points) and [this one](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/linear-algebra/vectors_and_spaces/dot_cross_products/v/normal-vector-from-plane-equation).

## Requirements
* Make no changes to your shaders (none are needed if yours are in good working order at this point).
* Make your triangle drawing function take into account "winding order" of the vertices.
* Allow the client to choose clockwise or counter-clockwise winding order as being visible.
* Use this [index.html](12/ifiles/index.html) file as a reference for the interface.
* Note that it has an example of two triangles wound in either direction, so only the clockwise triangle is drawn.
* Make your output look like [this screenshot](12/ifiles/lines_only.png), which is the same as for the previous assignment.
* Make sure your code can still handle drawing lines and points.
* Make sure your code can handle weird triangle conditions, like a single point, colinear points, etc.

## Self-Assessment

* My RenderEngine interface now has a draw triangles function that allows me to pass in the vertex list, an index list for the three vertices in every triangle, a winding order, a vertex shader, and a fragment shader.
* My RenderEngine drawLines and drawTriangles functions process my vertex shader only one time for each vertex in the original list for each call to drawPoints, drawLines, or drawTriangles (even if vertices are shared between lines or triangles).
* I have a vector subtract function in a handy place.
* I have a cross product function that implements the 3D vector cross product in a handy, reusable place (not a member of RenderEngine).
* I have tested this cross product function to make sure it works on some simple data.
* I am using my vector cross product and vector subtract functions, along with a winding parameter to determine if the triangle is facing forwards or backwards, to draw (or not) accordingly.
* I am using my drawLine function, which is getting the varying values from my vertex shader, interpolating them, and passing them to my fragment shader to get the color for each pixel.
* I have tested to make sure my drawPoints and drawLines functions are still working with my drawTriangles.
