Assignment 14 - Perspective Projection Part 1
=============================================

Expand your render engine to include perspective projections.

## Requirements

* Refer to the [index.html](14/ifiles/index.html) file.
* Make it render like the [persproj1.png](14/ifiles/persproj1.png) image.
* Just like for Orthographic Projections, write another function (call it PerspectiveProjection) that takes the position of the near and far clip planes, as well as the left, right, top, and bottom positions of the visible section of the near clip plane.
* Write another function that takes a field of view in degrees, an aspect ratio of the screen, and the near and far clip distance (positive values) and then calls your PerspectiveProjection function.
* Write your code per the transformation shown at [this page](http://www.songho.ca/opengl/gl_projectionmatrix.html).
* As you write a function that creates this projection matrix, would you expect that the values for near and far are positive or negative?
* Review this page to make sure you know how a perspective transformation is derived, so you can answer the self-assessment questions truthfully.

## Self-Assessment

* My index.html creates an example of some triangles that should clearly have some depth foreshortening, and creates a Perspective Matrix transformation with field of view and aspect ratio, either because I am using the supplied index.html, or because I have made my own.
* I have a function that can give me a perspective projection matrix given the left, right, top, bottom, and the distance to the near and far clipping planes.
* I have another perspective matrix function that calls first based on a field of view and an aspect ratio.
* I understand now that the vertex shader provides coordinates in CLIP space.
* I understand that the NDC Z value would be +1 for a point AT the far clip plane.
* I understand that converting from CLIP space to NDC space entails dividing by w, just before converting from NDC to screen space.
* I see that the web site reference has a completed projection matrix in terms of values for left, right, top, bottom, near and far. If I have a near clipping plane that is 1 unit away and a far clipping plane that is 2 units away, I would expect the near and far values to be positive (near = +1 and far = +2).
* I can see that the Clip space Z value should be +2 for a point AT the far clip plane.
* My code compiles and I am able to see the results I expected.
