Assignment 16 - Point and Line Clipping
=======================================
Extend your previous work to include clipping points and lines.

## Requirements

* Refer to the [index.html](16/ifiles/index.html) file, which has points and lines to be clipped by the 6 clip planes.
* Make it render like the [pointlineclipping.png](16/ifiles/pointlineclipping.png) image.
* Refer to [this reference](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Line-plane_intersection) on Line and Plane intersections if you need one.
* Pay attention to the discussion in class about the 3rd line of our perspective projection matrix (see below):

Note that since we are doing the clipping when and how we are doing it, that the 3rd line (the Z line) of our perspective projection matrix is off. The reference we used places all of the values in the NDC _after_ the divide by w happens; however, we need the Z values to be there _before_ the divide by w happens. So we need to make that Z line look just like the orthographic projection again.

## Self-Assessment

* I provided a check in my setPixel functions that will yell and scream to let me know if I ever try to write a pixel out of bounds.
* Before trying to clip, my test indeed does yell and scream at me.
* I adjusted the third row of my perspective projection (the Z line) to match the orthographic projection.
* I created some kind of reusable Plane code with functions that tell me if a point is inside/outside/on the plane and where the intersection of a line is.
* My render engine uses all 6 clip planes in 4-D that we discussed in class.
* My render engine clips points from the 6 clip planes.
* My render engine clips lines along the 6 clip planes.
