Assignment 20 - Make It Your Own
================================
Take the example code you have been working on and make the code your own.

## Requirements

* Make sure the concepts of the GL context, the shaders (GPU side and CPU side), and the model you are drawing makes sense to you.
* Look for areas in the code that are likely to change (like the model being drawn and the shader) and for which parts that are not likely to change.
* Organize the code such that when a change is made, all of the related code that should change is close by (cohesive), and that code that does not need to change is somewhere else (loosely coupled).
* Finally, make a model and a shader that is different enough from the original example (and perhaps simple enough for you to wrap your head around) to be able to define uniforms, attributes, and varying values to pass in.

## Self-Assessment

* I have organized my code such that code that changes together is placed together.
* I have organized my code such that code that does not change often is kept away from code that does.
* I have organized my code such that fiddly OpenGL settings in functions are abstracted away from my code.
* I made a scene that was simple enough that I understand every part of the vertex arrays, index list, uniforms, attributes, and varying values.
* I can trace through how my uniform values are being set from the GPU to the shader.
* I can trace through how my attributes are being defined in the client code, passed through vertex array buffers, all the way to how those buffers are bound to a variable name in my shader.
* I can see how my varying values are being assigned in my vertex shader and smoothed by the render engine to be provided in the fragment shader.
