Assignment 21 - Scene Graphs and Transform Nodes
================================================
Continue with your own code base and add some way of creating a scene graph.

A scene graph consists of nodes that place the objects being drawn in their own position, rotation, and scale (with an optional offset). This information is often stored in a transformation node on a scene graph. A graph should also have parent nodes, so you can set one object's transformations relative to its parent. A parent node may have multiple children.

Using a parent/child scene graph requires some kind of stack to hold the matrix information. [The included example code](21) uses the call stack to emulate a matrix stack.

## Requirements

* Use your own libraries for all operations.
* You should not complete these assignments with any libraries that you did not write yourself, other than OpenGL itself.
* Also make sure not to use any of the OpenGL fixed-pipeline functions for creating any of the transforms, or for vector or matrix math or for creating the projection matrix.

## Self-Assessment

* I am able to see some basic visualization using my language of choice and built in a manner that suits me.
* I am not using someone else's library to do my matrix or vector math, to store my matrix stack, or to create the projection matrices.
* I have nodes in my scene graph that allow me to set the position and rotation of my objects (perhaps using Heading/Pitch/Roll), scale, and optionally center offsets.
* I can create a matrix with this information and multiply them in the correct order.
* I have a working example of a parent/child structure that allows me to draw one object relative to another object.
* I can also draw instances of the same node-tree in my scene by making an object a child in multiple parts of the scene graph.
