Assignment 22 - View Transformations with a Camera Object
=========================================================
Take your existing code and add the ability to have a virtual camera object in your scene graph.

## Requirements

* Use the techniques discussed in class to find the transformation matrix of the virtual camera object node in space and then invert it to use as the view matrix.
* Refer to [the included example](22) that uses a variety of techniques to find the inverse matrix of an XForm from the scene.
* Get ideas from that about placing your camera as an XForm in your own scene.
* Decide if it is best to walk the scene graph to where the camera is and then determine the global position and rotation by multiplying the eigenvectors (see [the included index.html](22/index.html) which uses the vectors I, J, and K) and then build the inverted matrix.

## Self-Assessment

* I have my multi-tiered scene graph working from my previous assignments.
* I can specify some XForm node in my scene graph as my camera's node (perhaps even draw something cool there and be able to see it when I switch between cameras).
* In my scene, I draw a little pyramid there pointing where the camera would point, and I keep track of the XForm tree from the root node to the camera node.
* I can use that XForm list from root to camera node to get a composite matrix in world space.
* I can use that composite matrix to find the global position of my camera.
* I can use the composite matrix, the global position, and some vector multiply and normalization functions to find the camera's I, J, and K vectors.
* I can use the camera's I, J, and K vectors to build a rotational matrix.
* I can use the camera's positional vector and rotational matrix to build an inverse matrix that I can use as my current view matrix.
