Assignment 25 - Texture Mapping
===============================
Add image maps to your scene.

## Requirements

* Load at least 2 different images into your scene and apply them to your objects.
* If you completed the sphere assignment, make one of your objects your uv mapped sphere.
* Refer to [the included example](25).

## NOTE

Starting with this assignment, simply loading the index.html file in your browser will fail. If you try, you'll see an error like this:

Uncaught SecurityError: Failed to execute 'texImage2D' on 'WebGLRenderingContext': The cross-origin image at file:///Users/rneff/cs312/assignments/25/temple.jpg may not be loaded.

Fix this error by having a web server like Apache serve all these files. If you don't already have or don't want to install Apache (or some other web server) on your machine, you can copy the whole assignment directory over to your Linux Lab account in your $HOME/public_html subdirectory. This can be done using WinSCP or scp, e.g.,

scp -r -P 215 ~/cs312/assignments/25 neffr@157.201.194.222:/home/neffr/public_html

Don't forget to replace 'neffr' with your username in this scp command, and in the URL below.

On campus, you can then point your browser to, for example, http://157.201.194.254/~neffr/25/index.html to see the code run.

For this to work, both your home directory and your public_html subdirectory must be world-readable:

chmod 755 $HOME $HOME/public_html

## Self-Assessment

* I passed my uv (st) coordinates into my vertex shader and then as a varying value to my fragment shader.
* I made sure my buffers were Vec2 and passed properly just like my vertex buffer.
* I built my uv lists properly for at least 2 different kinds of models.
* I loaded my image maps using some available technology (e.g., HTML5, ImageMagick, SDL, etc.)
* I was able to load the image data into an OpenGL texture.
* I was able to bind to that texture and supply a proper uniform value (probably 0) just before I drew my objects, switching to the appropriate texture when needed.
* I am able to understand the foundations of my code well enough to debug where needed and look up appropriate references online where needed.
* My code compiles and runs without errors or warning messages.
* My code runs as expected without bugs that I am aware of.
