Assignment 26 - OBJ Files
=========================
Read in some kind of standard file format that can be provided by a 3D animation program like Blender.

A very simple and ubiquitous format is the [wavefront OBJ file](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wavefront_.obj_file).

## Requirements

* Use the wavefront OBJ file format, or another, as you choose.
* Refer to [the included example](26).

## Self-Assessment

* I was able to access or build some obj file (or other file format).
* I took a look at the contents of the file to make sure that it had what I needed to include in my reader (vertex positions, texture coordinates per vertex, normal coordinates per vertex, and some way to build geometry {e.g. triangle indices}).
* I built a scene using my existing code that allows me to use my (perhaps as yet unwritten) model reader.
* I was able to parse out vertex, texture, normal, and face information.
* I was able to place my data in a format that would allow me to use my shader's vertex buffer objects for position and textures and triangle indices.
* I saved the surface normals for when we do lighting.
* I understand the code I am using and I am able to debug it when needed.
* My code compiles and runs without error messages or warnings that I should not ignore.
* I put my code through enough of an acceptance test to where I can be confident that if the tests work, then my code is complete.
* My code completely passes my acceptance tests and runs without any bugs that I am aware of.
