Assignment 29 - Lighting Part 3 - Specular
==========================================
Extend your previous assignments by providing a specular highlight to your scene.

## Requirements

* Get familiar with providing a specular light and attenuating it.
* Refer to [the included example](29), which shows a globe model getting a specular light and attenuating it by a specular image map.

## Self-Assessment

* I passed as a varying value something that represents the unit vector from my vertex position back to the camera.
* I made sure to normalize all of the varying values in my fragment shader that I expect to have a unit length (because now we know from class that we can not expect the interpolator to do that for us).
* I have some way of providing a specular base value (the amount added to the color under full specularity) and shininess (the power I will be raising the dot product to make the specular highlight very tight), either as a uniform or as a texture.
* I was able to find the reflection angle of the light by using the direction to the light and the surface normal (the glsl reflect function is perfect for this).
* I used the dot product to find how close this reflected light angle is to pointing back towards the camera (clamped to be no less than 0).
* I raised the result of the dot product to some power (shininess) so that I could have a very tight highlight (good values here range from 30 to 128).
* I used this resultant value to modulate some specular color (perhaps based on the light or the specularity of the surface) and added the result to my ambient and diffuse results for a final color of my fragment.
* I understand my specular lighting code and I can debug it when there are problems.
* My code compiles and runs without warnings or errors or bugs that I am aware of.
